---
layout: post
title:  "Misc"
---

Unidentified soul.

But I'll keep it with me, my most precious self.


Everything what's going on, it's not clear if you look from the side.
The first question came in mind: should I be afraid?
Death is just as mysterious as life.


Theory of everything would not leave question unanswered, that's for sure.


There's one thing which gains attention, everything else is a background.


Frustration, despair, fear, ... and now we've witnessed everything we could
and have to find something never witnessed before.



There are things so important, that we call is necessity.
If we look at it widely from the distance, all we need is safety, nothing else.
This is the only necessity which is existentially important, though we're inclined
to label every fad as necessity.


Effect of major events on life of individual is way overestimated in general.
It doesn't corellate as it generally approved, but provides convenient excuse
if anything doesn't go as desired.

Don't forget that it's always individual who makes choice on what to do with
ones own life. How well individual is able to manage ones own choices it is a different question.



Honesty is a poor base to rely on.
There's no honesty other than honesty to yourself.



- Get a job
- Buy a fancy smartphone
- Play games
- Buy crypto
- Get married
- Or don't get married
- Buy a house
- Buy a car
- Take a drug
...

Instructions for the machine get here from the outside.





When there's no outlet for the worst, then it will just accumulate here until the limit reached.



Where conscience dwells.
